Document reusable workflow limitation (#11831)
github/docs: content/actions/learn-github-actions/reusing-workflows.md

* Reusable workflows stored within a private repository can only be used by workflows within the same repository.
* Any environment variables set in an `env` context defined at the workflow level in the caller workflow are not propagated to the called workflow. For more information about the `env` context, see "[Context and expression syntax for GitHub Actions](/actions/reference/context-and-expression-syntax-for-github-actions#env-context)."
* You can't set the concurrency of a called workflow from the caller workflow. For more information about `jobs.<job_id>.concurrency`, see "[Workflow syntax for GitHub Actions](/actions/learn-github-actions/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idconcurrency)."

> * Reusable workflows do not support the `strategy` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `strategy` property is not supported in any job that calls a reusable workflow.
```
